[CIAPP] add azure pipelines in the readme (#1016)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/tag/README.md

### Supported providers

> The tag command only works for the following CI providers: [Buildkite, CircleCI, GitHub, GitLab, Azure Pipelines]. If used in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tag command only works for the following CI providers: [Buildkite, CircleCI, GitHub, GitLab, AzurePipelines]. If used in
```
